Get your app deployed you can log into your project on firebase and click on hosting.
And there you will actually be able to click on get started to see the steps you need to execute to
get your app onto firebase hosting.
And the first step is that we need to install these firebase tools package which gives us a seal which
makes the deployment really easy.
So let's just run it in the command line.
And on Mac and Linux you probably need to add a pseudo in front of it to get the right permissions because
we're installing it as a global package.
And now with that this will download it and install it on our machine and we can already go to the next
step.
Now now here do you see the three steps you need to execute to get your project onto firebase.
So let's run the first command firebase log in.
Now I don't want to get that.
Thank you.
Now you should get a window in the browser where you have to log in.
I'll quickly do that.
And once you did this you should be forwarded.
Thereafter you can run firebase it needs to put this project under firebase control or to use various
features configure various fire of his features in that project.
That includes for example the database or fire store.
And this does not affect the fact that we're already using that in this project we could just apply
rules and configure the database from within that project.
But I don't want to do that.
I want to go to hosting and you can hit space and then enter to enable hosting for this project folder
choose your app thereafter and hit enter.
And then you have to choose where you are to be deployed.
Files are located now for us.
It's not the default which would be the public folder but the disk folder.
So simply enter disks here.
Thereafter you can choose yes.
This should be configured as a single page app which will ensure that we always return the index age
to him out file which ensures that the angular router always gets a chance of handling incoming requests.
If you would not choose yes year then you would get 4 0 4 errors for anything but the route route because
your routes are not known to the server and angular wouldn't get a chance of taking over by setting
this too yes it will.
And we get the warning that the next age tomorrow already exists there.
No I don't want to override that.
Thank you very much.
With that we can simply run firebase deploy now and this will upload all the files in the dist folder
to the firebase hosting configure everything for it there.
And once it's done also give us a link.
Here it is.
So this is D U R L which I can open and if I do so maybe zoom Suman a bit we can see our application
here.
So let's quickly log in.
That's looking good.
Let's start some Berberis
let's finish them let you all exercise.
We also see the whole exercises here by the way which makes sense because we are sharing the same database
behind the scenes filtering and so on.
That works.
And this is our application deployed.
So let me quickly create a new user to confirm that this all works.
Let's use a different e-mail your birth date and agree.
Oh I guess I took this e-mail too so let's use a different one.
That works.
We're locked in.
And let's now try this new e-mail address for logging in
and there's all the works.
And that also all works on the mobile.
You there as you can see by zoom in a little bit so that you can see it better here.
We of course also could use crunches and let's complete this exercise and watch our working end final
app run in the browser.
This is what we built.